## *data/* directory: contains final results and reports
#### pTALEN off-target site related:
* REPORT-pTALEN.md: additional description and interpretation of the pTALEN results. 
* YB_SeqDel_sum_\*.table: is the deletion summary table for all samples. Deletions sites with the same gap start site and gap size are aggregrated by sample. This table is generated by x2-WGindelT.
* YB_SeqDel_pTALENs-on-\*.OUT: is the join table that contains the "associated" pTALEN and indels for all samples, a.k.a. the potential pTALEN target sites, generated by x3-WGtalen.
* blat_at_pTALENdel/: The deletion site from reference sequence plus its surrounding GAP_BORDER size, as reported in SeqDel_pTALENs-on-*.OUT, is retrieved for blat alignment against sample contig for evaluation of the pTALEN target site.
* blastn.TDNA-on-\*.table: is the blast result of the leftover TDNA vector sequence against sample contigs, generated by x4-WGtdna.

#### Sample phylogeny related: 
* REPORT-VarYB.md: additional description and interpretation of the phylogenic study results. 
* VarYB_SeqDel_sum_\*.table: is the Deletion Fingerprints (DFP) summary table for all samples along with the representative cultivars from four main rice varietal groups (Temperate japonica, Tropical japonica, Basmati/Aus, Indica). DFP is defined as a set of deletions of at the genic region (giloci) within size range of 20-5,000 bp. Deletions sites with the same gap start site and gap size are aggregrated by sample. This table is generated by x5-DFPtree.
* VarYB_SeqDel_sum_dendrogram.png: is a phylogenic heatmap that represents the hierarchical clustering of sample cultivar distances, measured by the proportion of shared deletion fingerprints. This heatmap is generated by x5-DFPtree.
